Create ui-c8y-1021-56-4-role-description-displayed-trusted-html-fix-8586-graft-release-cd-8748.md (#3147)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-56-4-role-description-displayed-trusted-html-fix-8586-graft-release-cd-8748.md

---
date: ""

> title: Role description displayed trusted HTML fix (#8586) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8748)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Role description no longer displayed as trusted HTML to improve security
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59286
version: 1021.56.4
---

> Role description displayed trusted HTML fix (#8586) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#8748)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, it was possible to put malicious code into the description of inventory roles and when it was displayed, that code was treated as trusted HTML. For example, if a description was "<img src="x" onerror="alert(123)" />", the browser alert method was called when displayed.
The description is treated as potentially dangerous now (as most user-provided properties) and XSS attacks as described above are no longer possible. There is no visual change for customers, non-harmful markdown is still interpreted (tags, classes are not stripped away).
```
